return=minimal for status monitor resources (#2024)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.5 Operations.md

`Location` header and optional `Retry-After` header may or may not
contain the same values as returned by the previous request.

Once the asynchronous processing has completed, a `GET` request to the status monitor resource returns [`200 OK`](#ResponseCode200OK),

> or [`204 No Content`](#ResponseCode204NoContent) if the request included a `Prefer` header with a value of `return=minimal`.

Author: ```suggestion
or [`204 No Content`](#ResponseCode204NoContent) if the request included a `Prefer` header with a value of `return=minimal` that was honored by the service.
```

For OData 4.01 or greater responses, or OData 4.0 requests that include an `Accept` header that
does not specify `application/http`, the response MUST include the
[`AsyncResult`](#HeaderAsyncResult) response header.

> A `204 No Content` response MUST include a `Location` header that contains the status monitor resource URL, which may or may not be the current request's URL.

Author: ```suggestion
A `204 No Content` response MUST include a `Location` header that contains the status monitor resource URL that can be used to request the result of the completed asynchronous operation. This may or may not be the current request's URL.
```

`Location` header and optional `Retry-After` header may or may not
contain the same values as returned by the previous request.

Once the asynchronous processing has completed, a `GET` request to the status monitor resource returns [`200 OK`](#ResponseCode200OK),
or [`204 No Content`](#ResponseCode204NoContent) if the request included a `Prefer` header with a value of `return=minimal`.
For OData 4.01 or greater responses, or OData 4.0 requests that include an `Accept` header that
does not specify `application/http`, the response MUST include the
[`AsyncResult`](#HeaderAsyncResult) response header.

> A `204 No Content` response MUST include a `Location` header that can be used to request the result of the completed asynchronous operation.
> The `Location` header may or may not have the same value as returned by the previous request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `204 No Content` response MUST include a `Location` header that contains the status monitor resource URL, which may or may not be the current request's URL.
```
